Alerting: Add ha_reconnect_timeout configuration option (#88823)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

The interval string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, followed by a unit suffix (ms, s, m, h, d), e.g. 30s or 1m.

### ha_reconnect_timeout

> Length of time to attempt to reconnect to a lost peer. Recommended to be short (<15m) when Grafana is running in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Length of time to attempt to reconnect to a lost peer. When running Grafana in a Kubernetes cluster, set this duration to less than `15m`.
```

> The string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, followed by a unit suffix (ms, s, m, h, d), e.g. 30s or 1m.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers followed by a unit suffix (ms, s, m, h, d), such as `30s` or `1m`.
```
